Add docs for getMaskedValue adaptive auth utility function (#4664)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/references/conditional-auth/api-reference.md

      </tbody>
    </table>

### Get masked value

`getMaskedValue(value)`

> This utility function returns a masked value for the given input value. This function can be used to mask sensitive content in adaptive authentication script logs by developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This utility function returns a masked value for the given input value. It can be used to mask sensitive content in adaptive authentication script logs by developers.
```

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4664/commits/2fd65e972210c46c6302574ff5035c6cfda5e576

- **Parameters**

    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><code>value</code></td>
          <td>Value needs to be masked.</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

- **Example**

>   For debugging purposes, if there is a need to add some logs including sensitive content (ex: PII) then it can be masked using the above function as follows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For debugging purposes, if there is a need to add logs containing sensitive content (ex: PII), those can be masked using the above function as follows.
```

>   For debugging purposes, if there is a need to add some logs including sensitive content (ex: PII) then it can be masked using the above method as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging purposes, if there is a need to add some logs including sensitive content (ex: PII) then it can be masked using the above method as follows.
```

>   For debugging purposes, if there is a need to add some logs including sensitive content (ex: PII) then it can be masked using the above method as follows.

Reviewer: Since we have used the word `function` to identify these methods through out the doc, shall we use that wording instead of `method`, to be consistent?

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4664/commits/2fd65e972210c46c6302574ff5035c6cfda5e576
